Why is Yao Fei wearing a cloak?
Last night I accidentally felt the cold wind.
The body is a little unwell.
If it wasn't for the insiders...
Seeing the wind with a rudder, aimed at our Conservation Palace.
Coal fire deduction
The owner will not be exposed to cold winds.
I met the princess.
Jubilee's coat is beautiful.
Sister.
Watch Princess Jubilee
Yao Fei also came.
Wake up.
Yao Fei gave me this dress.
The bow loves it.
This dress is very beautiful on my sister.
It's not like the sisters have long eyes.
Of course.
On Jubilee sister is actually Su Cam.
But the material that Hoai Nam is very rich.
I heard that the Queen Mother often wears Huai Nam's Su Cam.
The Queen loves this pink.
Sister, I'm afraid it's not a crime.
The Queen Mother's taboo.
What taboo?
The queen did not like her concubine to wear clothes of the same color as her.
The last person to violate the taboo was beaten to death.
It's in the mass grave.
Master, let's go and change our clothes.
Let s see how long you can stay in touch.
Go.
Princess, don't go.
Yao Fei, you quickly let me go.
I have violated the Queen Mother's taboo.
Your Majesty is coming.
Four Hy Seedlings
Yao, are you okay?
Mom and I are coming.
What are you guys doing?
emperor
queen mother
The Queen.